Update the cmd entry of the dvc.yaml file to add cmd as list option (#1980)
iterative/dvc.org: content/docs/user-guide/dvc-files-and-directories.md

      - performance.json
  training:
    desc: train your model
    cmd:
      - echo "Train my model!"

>       - python train.py

Reviewer: @skshetry can you think of a better example? I added an echo command here for now but a good example would show the usefulness of having several `cmd`s. TBH I'm not sure what the original motivation for this change was so I can't think of something off the top of my head, hoping you are more familiar. Thanks

Reviewer 2: What about this?
```suggestion
    cmd:
      - pip install -r requirements.txt
      - python train.py
```

Reviewer: LGTM!

>       - python train.py

Reviewer: Thanks for the update! BTW quick Q. Will the old format also work still? (single command string, not an array)

Author: yes it does

Reviewer: And would a list with a single item also work the same as the old single-value format?

Author: yes as well

Reviewer: Got it 👍

>       - test -z "$(git status -s)"
>       - python train.py

Reviewer: > test -z "$(git status -s)"

I'd maybe use something much simpler so no one gets confused by this. Maybe

```suggestion
      - echo "Train my model!"
      - python train.py
```

Author: indeed I had to look at the command on google! But I was looking for a relevant use case, echoing while the command is printer as well seems a bit pointless. Maybe `git pull` ?

Reviewer: Yeah I know my example goes too far into the useless side ha, sorry. `git pull` is probably not something you would do inside DVC stages, as Git manages the dvc.yaml file in the first place. `echo` is fine here if we can't come up with a better (simple) idea.

Reviewer: > if we can't come up with a better (simple) idea

Are there examples somewhere in the core repo where this feature was originally proposed perhaps? I mean, what's the main use case for multiple commands in the first place?

Author: well, nothing mentionne in the issue at least

Author: maybe just the `git status` then?

by the user with the `--name` (`-n`) option of `dvc run`. Each stage can contain
the possible following fields:

- `cmd` (always present): Executable commands defined in this stage. This could be
  either a single command or a list of commands that should be executed sequentially.
  The failure of one of these commandes will result in the failure of the stage.

>   Note that each command is passed as is to the shell.

Reviewer: Cool.

> The failure of one of these commandes will result in the failure of the stage.

Typo: commandes 

How does that work exactly? I assume it stops and doesn't execute the remaining commands but we should be explicit. Also, what happens to the outputs of previous successful commands?

Reviewer: p.s. Feel free to use multiple paragraphs or a block quote (note) inside this bullet to make it easier to read since it's getting long.

by the user with the `--name` (`-n`) option of `dvc run`. Each stage can contain
the possible following fields:

- `cmd` (always present): One or more commands executed by the stage (may
  contain either a single value, or a list). Commands are executed sequentially
  until all are finished or until one of them fails (see

>   [`dvc repro`](/doc/command-reference/repro))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  [`dvc repro`](/doc/command-reference/repro) for details).
```

>   [`dvc repro`](/doc/command-reference/repro) for details).

Reviewer: Note for self:

- [ ] The details of how commands are executed should go somewhere in the `repro` command reference.

Reviewer: Done in 56252e34

by the user with the `--name` (`-n`) option of `dvc run`. Each stage can contain
the possible following fields:

> - `cmd` (always present): Executable commands defined in this stage. Each
>   command is passed as is to the shell. The command can be either a single
>   command or a list of commands. In that latter case:

Reviewer: > Each command is passed as is to the shell.

This suggestion removed that part because it seems obvious unless I'm not understanding a special meaning of this.

```suggestion
- `cmd` (always present): One or more commands executed by the stage
  (may contain either a single value, or a list).
```
> May need formatting

I'm not sure about the "may contain either a single value, or a list" part though, see Q in https://github.com/iterative/dvc.org/pull/1980#pullrequestreview-544313656 above.

>   command or a list of commands. In that latter case:

Author: I like your suggestion, it is more concise while clearer

>   command or a list of commands. In that latter case:

Reviewer: Thanks! This was marked resolved though? I don't see any changes yet. Unresolving...

  - the commands are run one after the other
  - the failure of one given command will stop the run of the stage and raises
    an error. Thus that all the commands before failure are well executed.
    > in the `dvc.yaml` example above, the `python train.py` command will be

>     > executed only if the command before succeeds, _i.e_ if git is clear

Reviewer: - [ ] But the details of how commands are executed should go somewhere in the `dvc repro` command reference instead of here. This is just a description of the field in dvc.yaml 🙂

>     > executed only if the command before succeeds, _i.e_ if git is clear

Reviewer: Unresolving this too. I don't see any new changes above or in the repro ref.

>     > executed only if the command before succeeds, _i.e_ if git is clear

Author: sorry i am used to resolve as soon I have taken them into account locally because the "outdated" from github should eventually show if something actually changed

>     > executed only if the command before succeeds, _i.e_ if git is clear

Reviewer: No problem, I guess we were both online at the same time. It happens.
